README.md, before:

# Learning Flutter

Just one of the things I'm learning. <https://github.com/hchiam/learning>

You can now create Flutter web demos in CodePen! <https://blog.codepen.io/2020/04/15/flutter-on-codepen>

Here's one made using CodePen's Flutter template: <https://codepen.io/hchiam/pen/PoZqoxr>

## Fireship tutorial

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JdcGBSWo50>

Before using Flutter, understand what native features you need, and whether all the platforms you need are supported by the current Flutter packages.

```bash
flutter create app_name
# edit /lib/main.dart
flutter run
```

See the video for notes on different `Platform`s like mobile, web, and desktop.

## Flutter vs React Native

<https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/flutter-for/react-native-devs>

## other notes

- why/how declarative: https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/flutter-for/declarative
- build a simple web app in DartPad (no downloads required) https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/codelab-web
- more codelabs and youtube videos: https://docs.flutter.dev/codelabs
- tips for how to do CSS things in Flutter: https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/flutter-for/web-devs

Commit message:

DartPad troubleshooting note to be able to work with no downloads

README.md, after:

# Learning Flutter

Just one of the things I'm learning. <https://github.com/hchiam/learning>

You can now create Flutter web demos in CodePen! <https://blog.codepen.io/2020/04/15/flutter-on-codepen>

Here's one made using CodePen's Flutter template: <https://codepen.io/hchiam/pen/PoZqoxr>

## Fireship tutorial

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JdcGBSWo50>

Before using Flutter, understand what native features you need, and whether all the platforms you need are supported by the current Flutter packages.

```bash
flutter create app_name
# edit /lib/main.dart
flutter run
```

See the video for notes on different `Platform`s like mobile, web, and desktop.

## Flutter vs React Native

<https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/flutter-for/react-native-devs>

## other notes

- why/how declarative: https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/flutter-for/declarative
- build a simple web app in DartPads (no downloads required) https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/codelab-web
  - ([troubleshooting: open it in Chrome and you might have to allow third-party cookies for the DartPads to work](https://dart.dev/tools/dartpad/troubleshoot))
- more codelabs and youtube videos: https://docs.flutter.dev/codelabs
- tips for how to do CSS things in Flutter: https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/flutter-for/web-devs
